What's the bias?
Master Wan, the situation is not optimistic,
Ms. Jiang's head was severely injured.
What can I do to transfer it in? OK.
That's okay, that's it.
Ms. Jiang’s situation, a bicycle book,
may be be be.
What? Then find a way,
I don't think so, for father and son.
There is a way, but,
You can do whatever you want.
Okay, it's like this,
I should tell you, do you know? If he is willing to come up with a solution,
There may be a transfer, you may not know.
Ding Wenxiu, right?
See it on my TV
I heard about his migration
In the whole situation, it could be my fault
Dingwen
Live in Jiangzhou now
It's just that he has already said it
From now on, it will be fine if I watch TV and behave like a human being.
I'll find a way. Thank you. Okay, right away.
Say Ding Wen
Bring me the information. Thank you.